DOC-6104: Release notes third batch (#1843)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.11/enterprise/release-notes-enterprise.md

When a state is consumed by a transaction, Corda now adds the ID of the consuming transaction in the `consuming_tx_id` column of the `vault_state` table. Corda only updates this database column for new transactions; for existing consumed states already in the ledger, the value of `consuming_tx_id` is null.

### Node configuration change for better performance

> To reduce flow latency and improve throughput, we have changed the following defaults in the node configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce flow latency and improve throughput, the following default values in the node configuration have changed:
```

* `enterpriseConfiguration.tuning.brokerConnectionTtlCheckIntervalMs` changed from 20 to 1 millisecond.
* `enterpriseConfiguration.tuning.journalBufferTimeout` changed from 3333333 nanoseconds to 1000000 nanoseconds.
* `notary.extraConfig.batchTimeoutMs` changes from 200 to 1.

> ### DJVM removal

Reviewer: As above

Author: Updated

With DJVM present, updates to Corda core must have also been compatible with
the `core-deterministic` module. The following changes mitigate this issue:
* The experimental component DJVM has been removed from this and all future releases.
* Because of the DJVM removal, the `DriverParameters` class has changed. The two constructor parameters `djvmBootstrapSource`
  and `djvmCordaSource` have been removed from `DriverParameters`. Any client code using `DriverParameters` now needs at least recompiling.

### Additional signature verification

> Stricter signature verification when using public `ServiceHub` API function `recordTransactions()`. For more information,

Reviewer: Think we're missing something here..

"Stricter signature verification **is now applied** when using public `ServiceHub` API function `recordTransactions()`." ??

Author: Rephrased

> * Corda now supports JDK Azul 8u382 and Oracle JDK 8u381.

Reviewer: As above

* PostgreSQL 9.6 and 10.10 have been removed from our support matrix as they are no longer supported by PostgreSQL themselves.

* log4j2.xml now deletes the correct file for diagnostic and checkpoint logs in the rollover strategy configuration.

> * Some log messages at the warning level, related to failed SSL handshakes, were inadvertently introduced during the improvements

Reviewer: As above

Author: Improved clarity
